In addition to their espionage activities, the Chinese Communist Party invest billions into spreading propaganda even using American media outlets telecommunication infrastructure movies and sports teams to spread their propaganda from buying media outlets, so that they broadcast propaganda into America to coursing Hollywood studios and sports leagues to sell censor by threatening to cut off access to one of the world's largest markets, the Chinese Communist Party spends billions and billions of dollars to mislead Americans about China, and to try to shape what we see what we hear and think all of these activities are part of China's whole of state approach to amass influence around the world through information warfare, and we need to stand together to stop it.

That's why I will be momentarily asking for unanimous consent on the script Act, which would cut off Hollywood Studios from the assistance they currently receive from the US federal government.

If those studios allow the Chinese Communist government to censor what they're producing.

We've seen this pattern over and over and over again Hollywood being complicit in China's censorship and propaganda in the name of bigger profits Bohemian Rhapsody wonderful biopic of Freddie Mercury story of the band queen. Well, the Chinese government was upset that Freddie Mercury was homosexual, and demanded that Hollywood censor out scenes that show that Freddie Mercury was homosexual, and Hollywood those great woke social warriors that they are compliantly said, we're more interested in the money than in artistic integrity than in telling Freddie Mercury story. So the Chinese government will happily edit out those scenes.

Dr Strange, another movie comic book movie and Doctor Strange they change the Ancient Ones character from being from type bet, which is how it's portrayed in the comic book to Celtic because you know the Chinese Communist censors they don't want to recognize Tibet.

Another area that has been subject to persecution and oppression from China, and Hollywood meekly comply.

In the sequel to Top Gun.

The back of Mavericks jacket if you remember the first Top Gun maybe the greatest Navy recruiting film ever made. The back of Mavericks jacket you find the Taiwanese flag. And the Japanese flag.

The Chinese censors didn't like that.

And so Hollywood meekly. Remove the flags. What is it say to the world when Maverick is scared of the Chinese communists.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
